Privacy Policy

CodeConeSoft operates the PLUMaster mobile application.

On this page we inform you about the guidelines for the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when using my application.

Collection and Use of Information:
I do not collect any personal information directly through the use of this application.

Log data:
I do not collect log data.

Cookies:
I don't use cookies.

Links to other websites:
This application may contain links to other websites that are not operated by me. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third-party website. I strongly recommend that you read the privacy policies of every website you visit.
I have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services.

Security:
Since I do not collect any personal information, I am not responsible for the security of your personal information.

Development environment:
This application was built using the Unity game engine. Unity's privacy policy can be found at the following link https://unity.com/de/legal/game-player-and-app-user-privacy-policy

Advertisement:
I may view advertisements served by Google AdMob, which may collect non-personally identifiable information. Further information on the collection and use of data can be found in Google's privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US.

Service provider:
I do not employ any other companies or individuals to facilitate this Application or provide the Service on our behalf.

Changes to this Privacy Policy:
This Privacy Policy is effective as of February 14, 2024 and will remain in effect except with any changes to its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.

I reserve the right to update or change my privacy policy at any time. You should review this Privacy Policy periodically. If I make material changes to this Privacy Policy, I will notify you either by placing a prominent notice on my Application.

Contact information:
If you have any questions or concerns about the Privacy Policy, please email me at codeconesoft@gmail.com
